Add CMI Comprehensive  metrics support docs (#437)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/metrics-integration.adoc

* Reference: link:https://neo4j.com/labs/aura-cli/1.0/cheatsheet/[Aura CLI cheetsheet^]

[aura-cmi-metrics-granularity]
== Metrics Granularity

Metrics returned by integration endpoint have the basic granularity reflective of the labels exposed, namely `aggregation`, `instance_id`, `database`.

> An Aura instance typically runs on multiple nodes to achieve availability and workload scalability. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Aura instance typically runs on multiple servers to achieve availability and workload scalability. 
```

Reviewer: We don't use _node_ to refer to cluster members.

> These nodes are deployed across different Cloud Provider availability zones in the user selected region. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These servers are deployed across different Cloud Provider availability zones in the user-selected region. 
```

Metrics Integration supports a more granular view of the Aura instance metrics with additional data points for availability zone & instance mode combinations. This view can be enabled on demand.

[NOTE]
====
Please contact link:https://support.neo4j.com/[Customer Support] to enable more granular metrics of instances for your tenant.
====

.Example metric datapoints
[source]
----
neo4j_aura_cpu_usage{aggregation="MAX",instance_id="a59d71ae",availability_zone="eu-west-1a",instance_mode="PRIMARY"} 0.025457 1724245310000
neo4j_aura_cpu_usage{aggregation="MAX",instance_id="a59d71ae",availability_zone="eu-west-1b",instance_mode="PRIMARY"} 0.047088 1724245310000
neo4j_aura_cpu_usage{aggregation="MAX",instance_id="a59d71ae",availability_zone="eu-west-1c",instance_mode="PRIMARY"} 0.021874 1724245310000
----

.Additional Metric labels
* `availability_zone` - User selected Cloud provider zone.
* `instance_mode` - `PRIMARY` based on user selected workload requirement of reads and writes. (Minimum 3 primaries per instance)

.Usage

> Here is an example of gaining more insights into your Aura instance CPU usage for capacity planning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of gaining more insights into your Aura instance CPU usage for capacity planning:
```

* Reference: link:https://neo4j.com/labs/aura-cli/1.0/cheatsheet/[Aura CLI cheetsheet^]

[aura-cmi-metrics-granularity]
== Metrics Granularity

Metrics returned by integration endpoint have the basic granularity reflective of the labels exposed, namely `aggregation`, `instance_id`, `database`.

> An Aura instance is typically underpinned by more than one nodes to achieve availability and workload scalability which typically get deployed into more than one, user selected, Cloud Provider availability zones in Primary or Secondary modes based on the workload requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An Aura instance typically runs on multiple nodes to achieve availability and workload scalability. 
These nodes are deployed across different Cloud Provider availability zones in the user selected region. 
```

> An Aura instance is typically underpinned by more than one nodes to achieve availability and workload scalability which typically get deployed into more than one, user selected, Cloud Provider availability zones in Primary or Secondary modes based on the workload requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Aura instance is typically underpinned by more than one server to achieve availability and workload scalability.
These typically get deployed into more than one, user-selected, Cloud Provider availability zones in Primary or Secondary modes based on the workload requirements.
```

Reviewer: We don't use _node_ to refer to cluster members.

> Metrics Integration supports a more granular view of the Aura instance metrics with additional data points for availability zone & instance mode combinations. This view can be enabled on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics Integration supports a more granular view of the Aura instance metrics with additional data points for availability zone & instance mode combinations. 
This view can be enabled on demand.
```

[NOTE]
====

> Please contact link:https://support.neo4j.com/[Customer Support] to enable more granular metrics of instances for your tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact link:https://support.neo4j.com/[Customer Support] to enable more granular metrics of instances for your tenant.
```

# TYPE neo4j_aura_cpu_usage gauge
neo4j_aura_cpu_usage{aggregation="MAX",instance_id="a59d71ae",availability_zone="eu-west-1a",instance_mode="PRIMARY"} 0.025457 1724245310000
# HELP neo4j_aura_cpu_usage CPU usage (cores). CPU is used for planning and serving queries. If this metric is constantly spiking or at its limits, consider increasing the size of your instance.
# TYPE neo4j_aura_cpu_usage gauge
neo4j_aura_cpu_usage{aggregation="MAX",instance_id="a59d71ae",availability_zone="eu-west-1b",instance_mode="PRIMARY"} 0.047088 1724245310000
# HELP neo4j_aura_cpu_usage CPU usage (cores). CPU is used for planning and serving queries. If this metric is constantly spiking or at its limits, consider increasing the size of your instance.
# TYPE neo4j_aura_cpu_usage gauge
neo4j_aura_cpu_usage{aggregation="MAX",instance_id="a59d71ae",availability_zone="eu-west-1c",instance_mode="PRIMARY"} 0.021874 1724245310000
# HELP neo4j_aura_cpu_usage CPU usage (cores). CPU is used for planning and serving queries. If this metric is constantly spiking or at its limits, consider increasing the size of your instance.
# TYPE neo4j_aura_cpu_usage gauge

> neo4j_aura_cpu_usage{aggregation="MAX",instance_id="a59d71ae",availability_zone="eu-west-1a",instance_mode="SECONDARY"} 0.043957 1724245304000

Reviewer 3: I would remove all the HELP and TYPE lines to focus on the contents.

----

.Additional Metric labels
* `availability_zone` - User selected Cloud provider zone.
* `instance_mode` - `PRIMARY` or `SECONDARY` based on user selected workload requirement. (Minimum 3 primaries per instance)

.Usage

> Here is an example of gaining more insights into your Aura instance CPU usage for capacity planning:

Reviewer 3: Maybe mentioning which expression language it is (assume it is Datadog?)

Author: It's `promtail`. Will mention that.
